Clarify the optionality of the cnf claim (#213)
oauth-wg/oauth-sd-jwt-vc: draft-ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc.md

Verifiable Credential is no longer valid. See [@!RFC7519] for more
information.
* `cnf`

>     * OPTIONAL. Contains the confirmation method identifying the proof of possession key as defined in [@!RFC7800]. This claim is REQUIRED when cryptographic Key Binding is to be supported. It is RECOMMENDED that this contains a JWK as defined in Section 3.2 of [@!RFC7800]. For proof of cryptographic Key Binding, the Key Binding JWT in the presentation of the SD-JWT MUST be signed by the key identified in this claim.

Reviewer: _Technically,_ the REQUIRED contradicts the OPTIONAL. So in order to not trigger any RFC2119 nerds, we could use: 
```suggestion
    * OPTIONAL unless cryptographic Key Binding is to be supported, in which case it is REQUIRED. Contains the confirmation method identifying the proof of possession key as defined in [@!RFC7800]. It is RECOMMENDED that this contains a JWK as defined in Section 3.2 of [@!RFC7800]. For proof of cryptographic Key Binding, the Key Binding JWT in the presentation of the SD-JWT MUST be signed by the key identified in this claim.
```

>     * OPTIONAL. Contains the confirmation method identifying the proof of possession key as defined in [@!RFC7800]. This claim MUST be present when cryptographic Key Binding is to be supported. It is RECOMMENDED that this contains a JWK as defined in Section 3.2 of [@!RFC7800]. For proof of cryptographic Key Binding, the Key Binding JWT in the presentation of the SD-JWT MUST be signed by the key identified in this claim.

Author: changing that one sentence to "This claim is REQUIRED when cryptographic Key Binding is to be supported"

```suggestion
    * OPTIONAL. Contains the confirmation method identifying the proof of possession key as defined in [@!RFC7800]. This claim is REQUIRED when cryptographic Key Binding is to be supported. It is RECOMMENDED that this contains a JWK as defined in Section 3.2 of [@!RFC7800]. For proof of cryptographic Key Binding, the Key Binding JWT in the presentation of the SD-JWT MUST be signed by the key identified in this claim.
```
